hey whats up guys who knows best here
guess I'm in another hotel room as you
can see but this time in a very special
place I'm all the way across the world
in st. Petersburg Russia why is soldier
in Russia you're probably asking well
Intel is doing this Ultrabook
competition which is calling this ultra
race and basically if you probably saw
my CS videos from this past January and
tells getting ready to release some new
Intel ultrabooks there's very very thin
laptops kind of similar to the MacBook
Airs but of course is running the
Windows operating system and a couple of
them do you have some extra tricks up
their sleeve so anyway they find me and
three other people come across the world
I think one person for Germany one
person from believe India as well and
another person somewhere else I can't
remember off the top of my head many
ways gonna be four of us and we're kind
of social media people or tech people
I'm going to be doing this type of
Amazing Race deal that's kind of how
they're describing it so it's gonna be
something very similar to an amazing
race but we're going to be having to use
these Intel ultrabooks to help us solve
these puzzles and clues and things like
that so we're going to be starting
filming here in a couple days so we're
over here in Russia the next week will
actually be in Sydney Australia which
would be cool so they can have its
traveling time it's going to be an
awesome experience but but I'm letting
you guys know that they said they said
they were gonna probably need to be able
to use our social networks and some of
these challenges as well so I'm giving
you guys a heads up that if you follow
me on Twitter you follow me on Facebook
and even here on YouTube more Instagram
all these different social networks I
may be asking for your help throughout
this whole competition so be prepared to
help me I really appreciate appreciate
all you guys if you can't help me the
wild I don't know exactly what we're
gonna be doing yet they kind of scant on
the ideas they really wanted to be a
surprise but a lot of stuff but they
said we should be having fun so really
I'm psyched for guys and this is going
to be recorded they're going to release
the entire series that believe in a
couple of months from now so it's not
going to be anything live anything like
that but I'll be trying to keep you guys
updated as much as i can on Twitter and
Facebook and things like that in on
YouTube I'm so don't worry I do have a
few YouTube videos already shot so it
should be a couple of weeks ahead and
then plus I'll be trauma is trying to
fill some videos here and then get them
uploaded seem to have pretty decent of
internet here in Russia in my hotel room
so anyway guys I'm excited it's about
10pm here i think i'm going to be
uploading this video right at that get
done shooting so i think it's like one
or two o'clock in the state's central
time so i'm about to be here getting
ready to hit the sack so I'm ready and
refresh for the morning anyway guys
something's giving you the heads up to
just what I'm
want to stay tuned for more details and
anyway guys I will catch you later
please
you